hello it's Ruby and today I wanted to
share another study with me video with
you so this one spans from Friday
through to Saturday morning and I didn't
really do that much on Friday because we
went out for dinner for my birthday
because my birthday was the day before I
was filming this one thing I did want to
do before we left however was some study
rocket so you've probably heard about
study rocket if you do watch study with
me as frequently on YouTube but it's a
website for GCSE and a-level students
which provides a really concise and
condensed outline of your course so a
range of subjects available and they
have more coming soon and I decided just
to go through some of the a-level
business parts ok as we do a business
ethics section in ethics and because
there are a few bits of overlap I
thought it might be quite useful just to
add to my notes and it really was the
note-taking idea here is honestly such a
good idea and it's so helpful because it
means you don't have to switch between
documents which is always rather
annoying then I also did the same with
the gender section of the development of
Christian thoughts section for religious
studies so that I could gain a
psychological perspective so I was using
the a-level psychology course here and
that was again very helpful and I got
some good knowledge to add to my essays
oh one thing that I just wanted to point
out as well you can see on the left hand
of the screen there is is
procrastination door so you can set how
long you want to work for and then it
keeps you focused which is a really
great idea so this video is actually
sponsored by study rocket but as always
all views Express still on my own and if
you do want to try it out then I've got
a discount code which is Ruby 25 which
means that you can get 25 percent off
your first month so I would really
recommend it especially for GCSE
students actually and adding to your
consolidating your knowledge of certain
parts of your specifications
the assets all related on Friday night
and now I am going to move on to what I
did on Saturday so this is now on a
Saturday and I was just getting my
papers all organized so that I could lay
out my list of things that I wanted to
do in a similar format to how I showed
in my recent how to plan a study session
video which I will leave linked
somewhere on the screen so the first
thing I decided to do is just go through
and do some questions on structural
determination for chemistry which is one
of the trickiest topics for me but I
finally feel as though I've cracked it
I just wanted to do these questions to
consolidate and make sure but I'm
feeling pretty confident with it now
which is a massive relief because it was
probably that and amino acids are the
two things which I find the trickiest on
the chemistry specification so on Friday
I had started reading a critical essay
on The Winter's Tale and I just went
through and finished highlighting this
and I was just picking up some key
pieces of context and critics which I
could use in my essays and then after
that I decided to write an essay for
religious studies and I did this timed
and without notes
[Music]
so then after this I decided to just
write a really quick essay phone for
Plato and also make this mini mind map
on Plato soul just this was me just
actively trying to recall certain parts
of the specification and then I got to
peel off the post-it note which is
basically a more satisfying equivalent
of taking it off a to-do list and some
reason I was really struggling to take
this off with one hand it's more
difficult than it looks so then we just
went through this list of 120 essay
questions for OCR religious studies
which Charlotte Vardy recently published
make sure to take a look at it if you
are doing the osseous back for RS
because these are really helpful so I
was just highlighting the trickiest
questions as you can see there were lots
of Theology ones development of
Christian thought and I found loads of
really great asset titles which I could
use so the next I decided to tidy up the
snug because this is where my sister
does all of her work and she wasn't
locking in here this morning but she
manages to make a massive mess and I
couldn't really concentrate because of
the mess so I decided to tidy up all of
her things
[Music]
then next I decided to write an essay on
The Winter's Tale for English and I
didn't actually realize but my camera
cut out halfway through this clip so I'm
really sorry about that but I did this
for about an hour so this is a bit later
I decided to watch some of the Royal
Wedding here which is why there was a
gap in the time this is probably about
half an hour to an hour later I decided
to take my new Victorian writing slave
outside to do some work so I got this
for my birthday and it's an antique and
you've probably seen them before but
it's kind of a portable desk and I
really wanted to try using it so I
basically brought it outside to lean on
whilst doing and chemistry paper and it
worked surprisingly well so I only
actually managed to do half of this
paper now because at 3:00 I rescheduled
to do an interview and I needed to go
inside for that I'm not gonna tell you
what the interview is for just now but
when the article comes out I will
definitely let me know and share it with
you
[Music]
so after the interview I decided to
finish my paper
[Music]
so then of course I decided to mark the
paper which is so important and I've got
to say that this paper did not go very
well I was going through and I made
loads of silly mistakes but in order to
make sure that I don't make them next
time after doing this and it's not
something I filmed but I just
transferred all of the questions that I
got wrong onto flashcards so that I
can't ask myself on them and learn it
basically so then I decided to write
half of an essay on religious language
for philosophy
[Music]
so then lastly I decided to just go
through and mark the structural
determination questions which I'd done
this morning and I was actually really
happy with this because as I said it's
one of the topics that I struggled the
most with and I only dropped full marks
out of 54 so I was quite happy with that
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed and good
luck with all exams I hope that they all
go well thank you again and have an
adaptive week
you